[rock music]
kids:
Pig!
♪ ♪
Goat!
Banana!
♪ ♪
Cricket!
- A-a-a-achoo!
all:
Pig! Goat! Banana! Cricket!
[mysterious music]
♪ ♪
[crash]
- What's that noise?
- Oh.
It's probably
a scary, bad monster
here to massacre us!
[crash]
[screams]
- Oh! It's coming
from the living room.
- Banana, get me
my favorite cereal,
Frosted Keister Wheats.
- What for?
- Frosted Keister Wheats
gives me
the exact amount
of energy
to smash the bejeepers
out of home invaders.
Oh, yeah,
Frosted Keister Wheats.
[purrs]
Look out, tummy.
[gobbling]
- [groans]
- Cricket,
hand me my tickle stick.
Let's do this!
[grunts]
[battle cry]
- [groans]
both:
Breakfast Burrito?
- [groans]
both: Armpit Willy?
- Pits that don't quit!
Bushy, bushy!
- You fling-flang maniacs!
What are you doing?
- Calm down, Goat.
I'm sure my good friends
Armpit Willy
and Breakfast Burrito have
a perfectly sane reason
for destroying
our tree house.
- [grunts]
We're looking for gold!
- In our living room?
That's the most ridiculous,
cockeyed, nonsensical--
- [stuttering]
Did you say gold?
Money rocks? Cold hard cash
from mother nature?
I want gold.
- You're in luck,
'cause they found gold
right here in Boopelite.
- Wha--
- There's a gold rush
going on!
[country music]
- Armpit, Burrito,
what do ya say
the three of us
blow this dump stand,
and become the richest
richedy-rich guys ever?
- Sure thing,
Banana dude!
- Okay, but all this
male bonding
is making my guacamole
itch.
[country music]
- So, why do we have to ride
a giant maggot?
- 'Cause all the mules
at the Rent-A-Mule were rented,
so I had to go
to the Rent-A-Maggot.
- Rent-A-Maggot?
Why didn't you say so?
I got a coupon.
I hereby claim this spot
for BFI--
Best Friends
Incorporated!
all: Gold!
We're rich!
[fast country music]
all: [grunt]
- Those jerks.
Don't worry, that spot
looks even better!
I hereby--
all: Gold!
We're rich!
[fast country music]
all: [grunt]
- Let's just go home.
- Yeah,
maybe we should--
Hey, fellas,
look up there!
all: Whoa.
- No one's claimed
that one!
- How we gonna
get up there?
- I think I have
an idea.
[country music]
I'm starting to like
our maggot.
Never mind.
♪ ♪
Best Friends
Incorporated!
- [humming]
Eureka!
My pits struck gold!
Yolo?
What does that mean?
- "You only live,"
um, "onions."
- Truer words have
never been said.
- Doh!
[muffled yelling]
- All you got was
dentures.
- You kidding?
That's a 24-karat grill.
My mouth's a millionaire.
- Hooray.
- [panting]
Come on, come on!
Come on you, guys,
keep diggin'!
There's gotta be
more gold here.
[all grunting]
I say we cash all this in
and buy
the world's biggest
three-man heli-toilet.
[helicopter and toilet effects]
- Yeah, 'cause then we can
always be together.
- That would be lovely.
- [yawns]
- Time for some shut-eye.
[lullaby music]
[all snoring]
[coins rattling]
- [starts]
- Hey!
My gold's gone!
[coins rattling]
Hey!
Hold it right there, Burrito!
- Yeah, where you going,
dude?
- Uh, I'm just going
to see
if the giant maggot's okay,
gov'nor.
- Sure you are,
Burrito.
By the way, what's that
in your tortilla?
Nice try, but you gotta
wake up pretty early
if you're gonna put one over
on...Banana!
- What kind of friend are you,
Bro-rito?
- And what kind of friend
are you, Armpit Willard?
- Look who's talking,
thief.
- [babbling]
[all yelling]
- That's it!
We're through!
You guys are
the worst friends ever.
Best Friends Incorporated
is officially done!
[all screaming]
- [moaning]
- Who are you?
- Yo, yo, yo.
What's the dealie-o?
I'm the world's
greatest dead rapper,
Lil Doctor Dirty,
and this is my gold.
- [grunting]
Sorry, Lil Doctor Dirty,
but this gold belongs to us!
- You mean Best Friends
Incorporated is back together?
- We sure are.
- Hooray!
- I'm telling you
for reals.
You just robbed
a rapper's graveyard.
- Hmm, looks like there's
only one way to settle this--
with a rap off.
- Aw, it's on!
I'ma wipe the floor
with you brother Hubbards.
♪ My name is
Lil Doctor Dirty ♪
♪ And here is the thing
you took my bling ♪
♪ Uh-uh ♪
♪ And now I'ma hit you
on the ding-a-ling ♪
- Ow.
- Yolo.
- Oh, please.
You call that a rap?
This is a rap.
Armpit, gimme a beat!
♪ My name is Banana
and I am here to say ♪
[rhythmic fart sounds]
♪ I like to rap-rap-rap
all the ding-dong day ♪
- ♪ Rappity rap, gov'nor
wiki wiki ♪
- ♪ Rap rap rap rap
rappity rap ♪
Bushy bushy.
- You got to be
kidding me.
Gimme back my bling, you bunch
of can't-rap Humpty Dumpties.
- I'm starting to think
that ring means
"you only lose
'overything.'"
- Hey, what do you say we trade
that ring and get pizza?
both: Yeah.
all: Banana, Armpit Willy,
Breakfast Burrito, high five!
- Ha ha ha.
Nice try, homeys.
[maggot neighs]
- Lil Doctor Dirty
took our maggot.
- Well, at least we still
have each other. Eh?
both:
Yeah, each other.
[both grumbling]
[goofy music]
♪ ♪
- Hi, Delooney.
Who's that guy
you're dancing with?
Is that
your new boyfriend?
- No, it's just
a dance dummy.
- Dan Stummy?
You love a guy named Dan?
- What?
- Listen, Dan,
I'm a better dancer than you,
and Delooney,
I'll prove it.
What do you say
you and me go out
on the bestest dancing
date night of your entire life?
- Wow, that sounds great, Pig.
I can't wait.
Let's meet tonight
at Lorenzo's Dance Hole.
Whoo!
- Yipee!
This is going to be
the greatest night ever!
Except, it's gonna be
the worst night ever,
because I don't know
how to dance!
- Cricket.
- [starts]
- You gotta help me.
I'm taking Delooney out dancing,
but I don't know
how to dance!
- Ooh, sounds like you're
in big trouble.
- Mm-hmm.
- Well, good luck!
- Can't you help me?
- I wish I could,
but I can't.
Although...
I did make these very special
brozilium powered dancing shoes.
- Gimme, gimme,
gimme, gimme!
Shoes!
Gimme.
- But I haven't
perfected them yet,
and they're still
highly unstable.
- That's great.
Can I use them anyway?
- Do you know what
highly unstable means?
- Oh, course I do,
you silly little cuckoo.
No, I don't.
I can't wait for you
to finish them!
I need them right now!
- Too bad, so sad,
get out of my lab, friend.
- Okay, but before I go,
I just want to say one thing.
Thanks for the shoes!
- [screams]
[electronic hum]
[laughs]
[swing music playing]
♪ ♪
[both screaming]
- Pig, are you
ready to dance?
- Wait till you get
a load of me.
[electronic hum]
[both humming]
♪ ♪
Ha ha.
Cricket, these shoes work great.
- Oh, Pig,
you can dance.
- Really?
Better than Dan Stummy?
- Yes, Pig, you dance
better than a dance dummy.
[crowd clapping in rhythm]
[both humming and squealing]
- Dang, you got sick moves,
Brotendo.
- Pig, you're amazing.
- Not as amazing as you,
Delooney.
[electric sparking]
- Uh, Pig, your shoes
are sparking.
- I know.
Pretty pretty.
[whimpering]
- Pig,
that's your greatest move yet.
- Help!
I'm dancing too good.
- Pig, all the blood is
rushing to my ham bone.
Please stop!
- Okay.
- [screams]
- Sorry, Delooney.
- Pig, what's happening?
- I took Cricket's
experimental dance shoes
and put them on
even though he told me not to,
'cause I didn't want you
to know I can't dance.
- You mean, you did all that
just to impress me?
- Uh-huh.
- That's the nicest thing
anyone's ever done for me.
[all grunting and groaning]
- [screaming]
Sorry!
[prolonged scream]
[screams]
[crash]
Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
[prolonged scream]
[screams]
- Pig,
where are you going?
- I've got to find
Cricket.
He'll know how to get me
out of these things!
- [panting]
Special Delivery for Goat.
- For me? Thanks.
- [groans]
- "Dear Goat,
you are invited to perform
at the All Star Benefit Concert
to help victims of Toxic Turds."
[gasps] This is
the greatest day of my life!
Second greatest.
- [babbling]
Sorry, Goat.
Have you seen Cricket?
- No, but I have
great news.
STATVOTT asked me
to play their show.
- STATVOTT?
You mean The Society to Aid
The Victims of Toxic Turds?
- Yes. All the glitterati are
going to be there.
Excuse me,
can we stop dancing?
'Cause I think
I'm gonna throw up.
- Sorry.
I gotta find Cricket.
And good luck with that
big zit on your face.
- Thanks--
wait, what?
[groans]
My first zit?
Oh, not when
all the beautiful people
are about to judge me
with their beady little eyes.
Oh.
[cheers and applause]
all: [gasp]
[laughter]
[scary music]
[crowd jeering]
- Where can I turn for help?
[gasps]
Zit Cream Hut.
It's just on the other side
of that 58-lane highway!
Stupid gold rush traffic.
Fling flang flurn fluggin'!
[grunts]
Stop! Stop!
I'm in the crosswalk!
- Out of the road,
zit face!
- [groans]
If I don't get across fast,
it'll be a zit-tastrophie.
Luckily, I have
a brilliant plan.
Steady now.
Uh, you can do this.
Everything's
going great.
[whimpering]
He So Crazy Squirrel?
Beat it! This is my tightrope.
[grunts]
- She so clumsy.
- The concert's going to start
any minute.
Well, like the old saying goes.
If you can't get
a covered wagon to stop,
then sing it to sleep
with a lullaby.
♪ Go to sleep
go to sleep ♪
♪ So I can cross the street
and get zit cream ♪
♪ Go to sleep,
go to sleep ♪
[gasps]
It worked!
♪ Go to sleep
go to sleep ♪
♪ So I can cross the street
and get zit cream ♪
♪ Go to sleep
go to sleep ♪
♪ So I can cross the street ♪
♪ And fulfill my dream
of purchasing zit cream ♪
[stomach groaning]
Why did I have to eat
a whole box
of Frosted Keister Wheats?
[burps]
[winces]
[screams]
[grunts]
Zit Cream Hut!
I made it!
Okay, zit,
time to quit.
- No!
I want to live!
- What? But I want to look
beautiful, and I hate zits!
- Yeah,
but do you hate a zit
that can shred on a guitar
like this?
[playing rock guitar]
- Okay, I gotta admit,
you is one talented zit.
- You know it!
- What do you say
the two of us
rock the Toxic Turd benefit
together?
- Totally goat-ally!
[rock music]
- Hey, Society to Aid
the Victims of Toxic Turds,
are you ready to rock?
all: Yeah!
[all cheering]
- I want to introduce
a special guest star,
Joe Zitriani.
- Shalom, homies!
[all murmuring]
- I'm so confused.
What is--
both: One, two, three, four!
- ♪ Boopelite City ♪
♪ Get ready to rock
this "zitt-a-ay" ♪
♪ Rock and roll tonight ♪
♪ Let's all feel good
all right ♪
♪ Hongle dongle dingle dangle
Hergle Gergle Doctor Squirgle ♪
- [high pitched scream]
both: ♪ Don't pop a zitty
pop a solid gold hitt-y-y ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ ♪
both: ♪ Only you can stop
Toxic Turds tonight ♪
♪ Wha-bam! ♪
[bluegrass music]
- [laughs]
Look at those smelly miners
digging for gold
in the hot sun,
when all I have to do is
wiggle my little finger
and make all the gold
I want.
Presenting The Goldzooka.
- [speaking gibberish]
- [starts]
Make your own, this one's mine.
The first thing I'll do is
turn Goat's guitar into gold.
Ooh, she'll be so happy,
she'll want to hang with me
all the time.
- [grunts]
Seriously, I'd rather not--
Stop it, you--
[both grunting]
- [whimpers]
Oh, no!
[groans]
My rump's been turned into gold.
[shimmering]
Hey, sweet buns,
Cricket.
Ooh, this is even better
than a gold guitar.
- [speaking gibberish]
- See something you like,
big guy?
- [speaking gibberish]
- I know, me, too.
I can't wait to find Goat
and let her check out
my 24-karat rumpus.
[disco music]
♪ ♪
Step aside.
Solid gold butt coming through.
♪ ♪
- Excuse me, but would you
consider being
the Product Ambassador
of our new cereal,
Frosted Keister Wheats?
You got the look!
- The Frosted Keister Wheats
look?
- Yes.
- Ooh, you bet.
Goat loves
Frosted Keister Wheats
more than Honeyed Rump Smacks
and Super Golden Hiney Krispies
combined.
- [humming]
- Hey, Goat.
- Hi, Cricket.
Did you hear
the great news?
I rocked the concert
with my guitar hero,
Joe Zitriani.
- ♪ All right ♪
- Did you hear
my great news?
- What,
that your rump's missing?
- [chuckles]
I know, it's an odd--
What?
- You're booty's gone.
- [screams]
I've been rump-jacked!
- [laughs]
He so rump jacked.
[dramatic Western music]
- Get back here!
No one swipes
my friend's rear end
and gets away with it.
Come on, Cricket.
[energetic music]
[bicycle bell dings]
- ♪ [humming] ♪
♪ Butt jackers
they're gonna attack your butt ♪
♪ Get back your butt back
from those butt jackers ♪
[ragtime piano playing]
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
- Who's that?
- Rent-A-Maggot.
They want their maggot back.
- But Lil Doctor Dirty
took it.
- Uh, I'm starting to think
he's not a real doctor.
- All right, which one of you
lowlifes jacked my rumpus?
[all gasp]
- [laughs]
You lookin' for this?
- Ooh! Gimme jack my butt,
you jutt backers!
Wait, no.
I mean--
- Eh, I got this.
What kind of vermin
would sink so low?
- The Super Awful Gang
of Ultimate Evil, that's who!
- Well, excuse me for living,
but I'm not gonna live
the rest of my life
without a rump.
I'm gonna get it back
or die trying!
- Why Cricket, I've never
seen you like this before.
- Yeah, well,
get used to it.
- You're gonna
have to take it up
with our even meaner,
scarier boss.
- Boo, hoo, hoo, look at me.
I want my butt back.
- Why don't we solve this
the old fashioned way?
With a duel!
[all murmuring]
- Why would I want
to have a duel
with a buttless wonder
like you?
- Oh, ha ha, I get it.
You're chicken.
Bock, bock, bock,
chicken, chicken noise!
- I'm not chicken.
- Sounds like a chicken
to me.
all: Bock, bock, bock,
chicken, chicken noise!
[laughter]
- I am not chicken.
All right, you're on.
[dramatic duel music]
[groans]
♪ ♪
- [whimpers]
- [screams]
Cricket, you gotta help me
get these shoes off.
They've gone crazy!
- See what happens
when you steal things
from my labba-rabba-ding-dong?
- I didn't steal them.
I just took them
without permission,
you silly little
cuckoo donut squirt.
- [laughs]
[both screaming]
- Yippee!
The shoes are gone!
- [grunts]
- Uh--
[grunts]
- Ha, ha!
You missed!
Ow!
You squashed my "bwains"!
[sobs]
- Aw, still the cutest.
- Cricket, you did it!
- [laughs]
I did do it.
Now we can get
my rumpus back.
- Here ya go,
butt-heim.
- What do you think,
Goat?
- I look great.
- [plucks guitar]
♪ So do I ♪
all: Pig Goat Banana Cricket,
Cricket got his gold rump back
high five!
- There you are.
We've been looking
all over for you.
Are ready to do
your commercial?
- I sure am!
What does
the world's greatest genius
eat for breakfast?
Frosted Keister Wheats--
That's what.
- [sobs]
I love that cereal so much.
all: Whoo-hoo, yeah!
Three-man heli-toilet!
[soothing music]
♪ ♪
[balloon hissing]